
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.004947                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4946934500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 4946934500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1053817                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1854406                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2259466923                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 957584                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     2307228                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4060062                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.writebacks         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         97600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data        586432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             685632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        97600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         97600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks          800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total             800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.writebacks           200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst           1525                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data           9163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               10888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks          100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.writebacks          323433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst         19729390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data        118544525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             138597348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst     19729390                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         19729390                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks         161716                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               161716                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks         485149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst        19729390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data       118544525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            138759064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       102.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples      1525.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples      9163.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.000000593750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState               22313                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                  0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       10888                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        100                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     10888                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      100                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 690496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6336                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  685632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                  800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     99                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    99                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    4946859500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                   200                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 10688                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                  100                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   10788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    140.168190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.073901                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   178.654816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3013     61.20%     61.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1356     27.54%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          243      4.94%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           93      1.89%     95.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           37      0.75%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.35%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      0.45%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           27      0.55%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          115      2.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.writebacks          808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        97600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data       586432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.writebacks 163333.474498196825                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 19729389.988891102374                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 118544524.897186338902                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.writebacks          200                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst         1525                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data         9163                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          100                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.writebacks      3218250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     50795500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data    353191500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.writebacks     16091.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     33308.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     38545.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    204911500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               407205250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   53945000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18992.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37742.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       139.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    138.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     5862                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 54.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     450205.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    54.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 35178780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 18682785                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                77033460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         390296400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            241133370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              9422880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1867894560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       114176640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             2753818875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            556.671788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           4393674250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3635500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     165100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    297248250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     384486000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4096464750                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_kernels.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_kernels.clk_domain.clock              1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_kernels.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pim_kernels.recv_pim_commands              100                       # The PIM command received from the host-side processor
system.pim_kernels.sent_pim_commands              100                       # the control commands sent by pim kernel
system.pim_kernels.computing_counts               100                       # the counts of the computing progress
system.pim_kernels.read_packets                   100                       # the amount of pim kernel read
system.pim_kernels.write_packets                  100                       # the amount of pim kernel write
system.pim_kernels.read_retry                     200                       # the amount of pim kernel read retry
system.pim_kernels.write_retry                      0                       # the amount of pim kernel write retry
system.pim_kernels.retry_failed                     0                       # the amount of failed pim kernel requests
system.pim_kernels.active_cycle                107717                       # the active cycles of the kernel
system.pim_kernels.retry_cycle                    100                       # the retry cycles of the kernel
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     547408                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     225044                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          828                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           54                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    3074452                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          242                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                  161                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                         9893869                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2307228                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4060062                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              4002163                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 63624                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      27804                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       340059                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     4002163                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        63624                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            8056109                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           3460083                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              100067                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              51303                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             2426939                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1891000                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       771616                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     546976                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    224640                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              215333.999956                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              9678535.000044                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.978236                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.021764                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           391657                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                20330      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  3183297     78.41%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    4528      0.11%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    37881      0.93%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1219      0.03%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                   1472      0.04%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                    5554      0.14%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                    8734      0.22%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       6      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                   14340      0.35%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                  10408      0.26%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                   677      0.02%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  531033     13.08%     94.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 221147      5.45%     99.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead              15943      0.39%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite              3493      0.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   4060062                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          504.724352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             772052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            15898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            48.562838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           170500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data   504.724352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.985790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3104106                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3104106                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data       533607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         533607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data       222547                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        222547                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data       756154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          756154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data       756154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         756154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data        13701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data         2197                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2197                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        15898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         15898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        15898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        15898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    758509000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    758509000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    126037500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    126037500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    884546500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    884546500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    884546500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    884546500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       547308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       547308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       224744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       224744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data       772052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       772052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data       772052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       772052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.025033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.009776                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009776                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 55361.579447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55361.579447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 57368.001821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57368.001821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 55638.853944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55638.853944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 55638.853944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55638.853944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         3110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        13701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data         2197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        15898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        15898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    744808000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    744808000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    123840500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123840500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    868648500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    868648500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    868648500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    868648500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.025033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.009776                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009776                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.020592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 54361.579447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54361.579447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 56368.001821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56368.001821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 54638.853944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54638.853944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 54638.853944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54638.853944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 15286                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          467.643701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            3074452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1631                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1885.010423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            82500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   467.643701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.913367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.913367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         12299439                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        12299439                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst      3072821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3072821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst      3072821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         3072821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst      3072821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        3072821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         1631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         1631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    125968500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125968500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    125968500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125968500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    125968500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125968500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst      3074452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3074452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst      3074452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      3074452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst      3074452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      3074452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 77233.905579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77233.905579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 77233.905579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77233.905579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 77233.905579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77233.905579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         1119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    124337500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124337500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    124337500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124337500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    124337500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124337500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 76233.905579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76233.905579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 76233.905579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76233.905579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 76233.905579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76233.905579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                  1119                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  6351.493931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       33932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     10688                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.174775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     72000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst      714.442473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     5637.051458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.021803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.172029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.193832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         10588                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1689                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8775                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.323120                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    282144                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   282144                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3110                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3110                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         1119                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1119                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data              833                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   833                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu0.inst           106                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                106                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data         5902                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              5902                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst                 106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data                6735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst                106                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data               6735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6841                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data           1364                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1364                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         1525                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1525                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data         7799                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7799                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst              1525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data              9163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  10688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst             1525                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data             9163                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 10688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    111792000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     111792000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    120767000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    120767000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    662232500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    662232500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    120767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    774024500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        894791500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    120767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    774024500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       894791500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3110                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3110                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         1119                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1119                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data         2197                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2197                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst         1631                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1631                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        13701                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         13701                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst            1631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data           15898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                17529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst           1631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data          15898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               17529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.620847                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.620847                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.935009                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.935009                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.569229                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.569229                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst       0.935009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.576362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.609732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst      0.935009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.576362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.609732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 81958.944282                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81958.944282                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 79191.475410                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79191.475410                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84912.488781                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84912.488781                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 79191.475410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84472.825494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83719.264596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 79191.475410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84472.825494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83719.264596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data         1364                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1364                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1525                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1525                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data         7799                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         7799                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data         9163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             10688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data         9163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            10688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     98152000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98152000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    105517000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105517000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    584242500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    584242500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    105517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    682394500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    787911500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    105517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    682394500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    787911500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.620847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.935009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.935009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.569229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.935009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.576362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.609732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.935009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.576362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.609732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 71958.944282                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71958.944282                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 69191.475410                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69191.475410                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 74912.488781                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74912.488781                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 69191.475410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 74472.825494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73719.264596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 69191.475410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 74472.825494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73719.264596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                              0                       # number of replacements
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          9324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::PIMRead                 200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::PIMWrite                100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::PIMReadResp             200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::PIMWriteResp            100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.pim_kernels.master_port::system.mem_ctrls.port          600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.pim_kernels.master_port::total          600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        21376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        21376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  21976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.pim_kernels.master_port::system.mem_ctrls.port         2400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.pim_kernels.master_port::total         2400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       684032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       684032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  686432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy            11262500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy             537750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           57816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        33934                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16505                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             15332                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3110                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1119                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           12176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2197                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2197                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1631                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13701                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        47082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 51463                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       176000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1216512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1392512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            17529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000114                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.010681                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  17527     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      2      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              17529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           21196000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2446500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          23847000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
